Stabilize migration from Metaschema repository (#3)
usnistgov/metaschema-xslt: CONTRIBUTING.md

    -   [Making Contributions](#making-contributions)
    -   [Issue reporting and handling](#issue-reporting-and-handling)
    -   [Contributing to this GitHub repository](#contributing-to-this-github-repository)
        -   [Repository structure](#repository-structure)
    -   [Contributing to Development](#contributing-to-development)
        -   [User Stories](#user-stories)
        -   [Reporting User Story Status](#reporting-user-story-status)
        -   [Project Status](#project-status)
    -   [Communications mechanisms](#communications-mechanisms)
-   [Licenses and attribution](#licenses-and-attribution)
    -   [This project is in the public domain](#this-project-is-in-the-public-domain)
    -   [Contributions will be released into the public domain](#contributions-will-be-released-into-the-public-domain)

# Overview

This page is for potential contributors to this project. It provides basic information on the project, describes the main ways people can make contributions, explains how to report issues relating to the project and project artifacts, and lists pointers to additional sources of information.

## Project approach

> We track our current work items using GitHub project cards in the project's [work board](../../projects/1).

Reviewer: Blocking: this project doesn't make use of a project board at this time, correct?

```suggestion
We track our current work items using GitHub repository's [issues](../../issues).
```

### Repository structure

This repository consists of the following directories and documentation files pertaining to the project:

-   [.github](.github): Contains GitHub issue and pull request templates, and GitHub action workflows for the project.
-   [CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md): This file contains a code of conduct for all project contributors.
-   [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md): This file is for potential contributors to the project. It provides basic information on the project, describes the main ways people can make contributions, explains how to report issues, and lists pointers to additional sources of information. It also has instructions on establishing a development environment for contributing to the project and using GitHub project cards to track development sprints.
-   [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md): This file contains license information for the files in this GitHub repository.

All other files and directories are related to the XSLT codebase managed in this repository.

## Contributing to Development

> This project is using the GitHub project cards feature in the project's [work board](../../projects/1) to track development as part of the core project work stream.

Reviewer: Blocking: ditto here, no project board.

```suggestion
This project is using the GitHub repository's [issues](../../issues) to track development as part of the core project work stream.
```

## Communications mechanisms

This project originated as part of the [Open Security Controls Assessment Language](https://pages.nist.gov/OSCAL/) (OSCAL) project. We use the OSCAL communications channels for this project as well.

A Gitter [chat room](https://gitter.im/usnistgov-OSCAL/metaschema) is available for Metaschema-related discussions. This is a great place to discuss issues pertaining to this work with the community working with Metaschema. The NIST OSCAL team actively chats on the OSCAL Gitter. This room is also setup with Github integration, which provides a good summary of recent Github repo activities within the chat room.

There are two OSCAL mailing lists, which may also be used for this project.

-   **OSCAL Developer List:** [oscal-dev@list.nist.gov](mailto:oscal-dev@list.nist.gov) for communication among parties interested in contributing to the development of OSCAL or exchanging ideas. Subscribe by sending an email to [oscal-dev+subscribe@list.nist.gov](mailto:oscal-dev+subscribe@list.nist.gov). To unsubscribe send an email to [oscal-dev+unsubscribe@list.nist.gov](mailto:oscal-dev+unsubscribe@list.nist.gov).

> -   **OSCAL Updates List:** [oscal-updates@list.nist.gov](mailto:oscal-updates@list.nist.gov) for low-frequency updates on the status of the OSCAL project. Subscribe by sending an email to [oscal-updates+subscribe@list.nist.gov](mailto:oscal-updates+subscribe@list.nist.gov). To unsubscribe send an email to [oscal-updates+unsubscribe@list.nist.gov](mailto:oscal-updates+unsubscribe@list.nist.gov).

Reviewer 2: There are [Metaschema communication channels](https://github.com/usnistgov/metaschema/blob/main/website/content/contribute/contact.md). Perhaps we should update all Metaschema repos to use these?

Author: Updating this entire section, which will be more concise.

> -   **OSCAL Updates List:** [oscal-updates@list.nist.gov](mailto:oscal-updates@list.nist.gov) for low-frequency updates on the status of the OSCAL project. Subscribe by sending an email to [oscal-updates+subscribe@list.nist.gov](mailto:oscal-updates+subscribe@list.nist.gov). To unsubscribe send an email to [oscal-updates+unsubscribe@list.nist.gov](mailto:oscal-updates+unsubscribe@list.nist.gov).

Reviewer: Question: do you intend to use OSCAL mailing lists for Metaschema related, but separate, development issues.

## Contributions will be released into the public domain

> All contributions to this project will be released under the CC0 dedication. By submitting a pull request, you are agreeing to comply with this waiver of copyright interest.

Reviewer 2: There is no CC0 dedication in this repo. See comment on the LICENSE.md.

Author: Tightened this up.
